---
layout: post
title:  "Spending $75 on Google Ads & Making $1200 & 3 New Web Design Clients"
date:   2022-03-18
permalink: /spending-75-on-google-ads-making-1200
description: How I managed to get my first few clients using Google Ads and a few bucks.
categories: blog-post
---

One of the biggest problems I had when I first started taking web design seriously was finding clients.  I had no idea what I was doing. Sure I was able to design and create a website from scratch but the idea of finding someone to give me money for them was something I hadn't even thought about til then.

I looked endlessly on the internet for advice on ways to find clients, but being young and self taught made a lot of sound information sound too good to be true.  

After a while I decided there were only two options.  The first one was to keep creating mock-up projects with the hope that someone eventually finds my work and wants to hire me.  The second was to risk a few bucks and run some ads.  I had very little success posting my work on social media but that was because I didn’t quite understand how it worked at the time.  Instead of just waiting around and staring at my inbox I decided to spend some money on some ads.

The only problem was I didn’t have a clue where to start.  I didn’t know what Google Ads were, I had very little knowledge about what a landing page was, and my overall marketing efforts were yielding very little results.

After a couple weeks of fiddling around with Google Ads and learning as much about landing pages as I could I decided to get started. I made a landing page with some effective visuals and a captivating sales pitch.  Then I filled out the ad forms and clicked submit .

I ran my ad for about a week.  I forgot about the ad for the first few days but was reminded by an email notification from one of my new clients. I checked my email where there were 2 other new emails from clients unopened.  After logging in to my Google Ads account I noticed I had only spent about $75.  I couldn’t believe it, I thought I was wasting my money.  After getting to know them and helping them make adjustments to their websites I made a little over $1200.

If you’re new to website design and you're having a similar problem getting clients I strongly suggest you give Google Ads a try.  

For your best results, localize your ads.  Run them in smaller locations, focus on small cities where there is less competition. 

Not only did I make a decent chunk of change but more importantly I created 3 new business relationships that have kindly given me references.  Two birds, one stone.

To this day when I’m low on referral work I’ll post some ads. 

